Mention python3-venv and libpq-dev dependencies in contribution guide (#11740)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/contributing_guide.md

<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install>. Running Synapse natively
on Windows is not officially supported.

> The code of Synapse is written in Python 3. To do pretty much anything, you'll need [a recent version of Python 3](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download), including support for [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html). On Debian-derived Linux distros running `sudo apt install python3-venv` should be enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code of Synapse is written in Python 3. To do pretty much anything, you'll need [a recent version of Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/). Your Python also needs support for [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html). This is usually built-in, but some Linux distributions like Debian and Ubuntu split it out into its own package. Running `sudo apt install python3-venv` should be enough.
```
